If you eat spaghetti for, like,
you know, three days straight,
yeah, you probably going
to turn into spaghetti.
Today I'll be interviewing
my dear friend, Baloney Tony,
so he can share with us
all his knowledge
and unfiltered guide to life.
You know, you got to look at the
the totality of your relationship.
Can you depend on them?
You know what a good test is?
Ask them to help you move.
Yeah, that's a real friend right there.
Eat some baloney.
But that doesn't work for everybody.
So maybe call somebody you haven't
talked to a while just to say hello.
If I'm feeling sad
and I want to be lifted up,
I would call Elliot.
He’s my buddy.
He’s my best friend.
Forever. Eternal.
You know, who I wouldn't call?
Joanne!
Or Stevie.
Whatever she likes me called.
I wouldn't call her, though.
No thank you.
I like to exercise.
I don't know if you saw the movie,
but when I first come out in the movie,
it’s this kind of glamor shot of me
and that's just me exercising.
Depends. How much
spaghetti did you eat?
If you eat a little bit of spaghetti,
no, you'll be fine.
but if you eat spaghetti for, like,
you know, three days straight,
yeah, you probably going
to turn into spaghetti.
Hugs feel warm on the inside
because it's a transference of energy.
It's a transference of love.
And love is warm.
Like apple pie.
Warm apple that is.
Absolutely. It's kind of my thing.
That and baloney.
I ain't going nowhere.